# Mathematical-Modeling-in-Chemistry-MATLAB-2D-3D
We have learned how to find the concentrations and masses of each matters. Then we have remembered how to create the mathematical models of reactions and animate them using MATLAB. Moreover, we have learnt to use diffusion and convection in models and to animate them. We considered one- and two-dimensional spaces for wide view of chemical reactions. 
In 3st task: We have created the mathematical model for the given chemical process and created the computer model with the implementation of Euler and Runge Kutta numerical methods in MATLAB. We can say that in the first and second figures computation was well done. In the last figure was shown the difference between two methods and as you can see the difference between them is too small. Also, we have found the masses of each matter of reagent from which we got product and found out that the addition of reagents` masses are equal with product masses. Moreover, we called the type of each chemical reaction and drawn the structural form of all matters.
In 4nd task: To sum up, we have considered two matters` reaction in one-dimensional space. Our 1st matter A is very dangerous gas, and to destroy it, after 0.5 sec we added new matter B.  For A was used the diffusion, and with the respect to time it was spreading along the X -axis. For B we used both diffusion and convection. In the result of their reaction we get two new products: C and D. Here, C is known as heavy gas and it won`t move, because of this we used the diffusion. Vice versa D is very light, and it will transfer easily with the force of wind, so we used the convection for it. As shown in results, you can see how reagents react with each other, and consequently we receive two products.  
In 5rd task: So, to sum up, we have considered previous two matters` reaction in two-dimensional space. Here we got same results but in two-dimensional space. Next, we will show the results of every product of the reaction. Because while all 4 matters on the same plane it will be hard to understand what is what. So, we need to animate each product to make understandable.
For more details please read the report above with all results!
